[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Hello, and welcome.
I'm David Icke, and the subject
today is the human program.
When you break it
down, human life
is one long perceptual download.
It doesn't have to be.
We can take our power
back and override it.
But, overwhelmingly,
that's what it is.
Just break it down
into the sequence
that we call human life.
You come into the
world as a baby.
Immediately your
perceptions of reality
are influenced by your parents,
not because they are malevolent
but because they've been through
the programming process you're
about to go through.
They bought it.
They bought its
version of normal.
And they think the
best thing they can
do for you is to pass it on.
So it starts early.
And then you've only just
come into the world, right?
You come into this
reality, blinking
and trying to get a fix on it.
And as soon as
you've arrived, what
is it now, three, four years?
You find yourself sitting
at a desk with an authority
figure representing the state
telling you what to believe,
what's real, what's
not real, what's right,
what's not right, and so on.
And so you are then
taken from your parents
for the waking day, much of
it, week after week after week
to receive the download.
Starts with the smallest
children, and then it
gets more and more intense.
And you go through
school, and you go
through college and university.
And day after day
after day, you are
receiving the system's version
of everything-- of history,
of medicine, of
science, all of it.
And if you succumb to the
download and you accept it
and you take your exams--
what are exams, really?
They're an examination
of whether you've
taken the program or not because
an exam is the system saying
to you, tell me what
I've told you to believe,
and if you tell
me well enough, we
are going to reward
you with an exam pass.
If, however, you are in the
system, in the school system,
in the education system and
you're not buying the program
and you want to ask
questions, well, then there's
a problem often.
Teacher's on the phone to
their mother or their father.
Hello, Mrs. Smith.
Yeah?
Um, we've got a
problem with Johnny.
All right, what's happening?
He's asking questions.
I don't want to do it.
And you're called a
disruptive influence.
He can't concentrate.
She can't concentrate.
And you get the
stick as the people
accepting the programming and
repeating it get the carrot.
And, oh, by the way,
there's some big changes.
When you go from the school
education, college university
system, and you go
out into the world,
everything changes because it's
all about control and accepting
control.
That's fundamentally
part of the programming.
So all the way through
your school life,
you've been in bed in
the morning, like, mm,
and your mom comes in
or your dad and says,
quick, get out of bed.
You'll be late for school.
What will the teacher say?
You get up.
Oh, can't be late for school.
Prison door's shutting.
Quick, let me in.
And then it all changes
when you leave school
because then you go out
into the world of work,
and you're in bed, and your
partner comes in and says,
quick, get out of bed.
You'll be late for work.
What will the boss say?
In other words, nothing
changes except the personnel
and the title.
Control-- do as you're told.
And so you go out
into the institutions.
And because everyone's been
through the same program
and overwhelmingly accepted
it, everyone's confirming
to everyone else that
this version of normal--
what I call the postage
stamp consensus--
is how things are.
And so anyone that steps off the
postage stamp, people like me
that sprint off it,
heading for the horizon
as fast as possible, you're
mad, mate, you're crazy,
or even you're dangerous.
In my case, all
of them, it seems.
Anyway, this postage
stamp consensus
is what dominates the perception
of reality of politicians that
are making decisions about what
happens in the world-- at least
on the surface, they are.
Shadow people really make
them, but on the surface.
And they perceive
reality and thus
make the decisions in
relation to that reality
only on the basis of the
programming of reality
that they've been
downloading all their lives.
And therefore, they
make terrible decisions
because they're making
decisions about a reality based
on information that's almost in
total nonsensical and not true.
Then they go out to be doctors,
and they're making decisions
on how to treat people in
terms of health and illness
on the basis of an understanding
of the body that is nothing
like the body really is.
It's the postage stamp
normal version of the body.
It's a physical body,
and you can only
treat it with physical things,
the scalpel and the drug,
which, by the way, has the
added benefit of making billions
of billions of
billions of dollars
for the pharmaceutical
cartel, which
those that own the education
programming system also
control.
And scientists pursue
the nature of reality
often or don't feel
it's worth doing that,
and they lay their lives on
the basis of the postage stamp
version of normal.
Journalists-- journalists
constantly all reporting
the world on all the
different expressions of media
on the basis--
their points of reference from
which they judge everything--
from this same postage
stamp consensus normal.
So they don't even
understand the world
they're writing about.
That's why they write so much
nonsense and ridicule and abuse
anyone who is an
off-stamp perceiver.
And what is this
postage stamp consensus?
It's a narrow band of
possibility, which is taught--
downloaded-- throughout a
person's educational life.
And it's then when they go
out into the adult world,
underpinned and confirmed by
all these institutions and 24/7
by the mainstream media.
Now, if all you've ever heard
is one set of information
and possibility, what are
the chances that you're going
to believe it's real and live
your life on the basis of this
information being real,
being true when it ain't?
And this is how it's gone on
generation after generation
after generation.
And the nature of the postage
stamp might have changed.
At one time in the
Christian world,
it was if it's not in the Bible
you're off the postage stamp.
Now it's a bit
wider because it's
encompassed things like
mainstream science and all
that stuff.
But it's still of
enormous limitation.
And what it means is that
throughout people's lives
from what we call
cradle to grave,
people are downloading a
perception of normal, which
is overwhelmingly
nonsensical, simply not true,
and at best a fraction
of what there is to know.
Now, if you are a
network, the network
I've been exposing
for 30 years, that
wishes to direct human
society to unfold
an agenda for human society
which needs humanity to trot on
behind it, then do you want
free-thinking, open-hearted,
all-possibility-exploring
humans or do
you want people programmed
with a perception of reality
of great limitation, especially
in perception of self-identity
and self, which suits right
now your agenda for humanity?
Of course, you want the latter.
And that's why they've
set up this system
of perceptual programming
underpinned in the earliest
period of someone's life by the
education system and then that
constantly supported
and confirmed
through the rest of their life.
So basically what they want
is people walking from cradle
to grave through a little
tunnel of immense limitation
of possibility and then
drop off the other end--
so never exploring beyond
it, because when you do,
you start to find out
things and understand things
and perceive things, which is
extremely bad for this agenda
of human control.
And all we're seeing today with
this postage stamp consensus
sausage machine is a modern-day
expression of something
that's been going on,
like I say, generation
after generation.
And the common theme of all
its different expressions
is control of information, which
leads to control of perception.
So religion was the big
controller of perception.
And as that waned, so other
controllers of perception
came in.
But it's the same principle.
It's the same blueprint going
on generation after generation.
And what we're seeing today--
well, I say what
we're seeing today.
It's more extreme
and obvious now.
But it's been going on all
the way through this period.
One of the great ways
that they achieve
their end of human
perceptual control
and keep them on
the postage stamp
is by getting the sheep that
have accepted this to sheep
the other sheep into line.
Humans have been manipulated
to keep each other in line
because it's those that have
accepted the postage stamp
version of everything that then
give a hard time to anyone who
doesn't want to accept that.
So in the religious-dominated
days-- of course,
they still are, but, I mean, in
the way of the Christian world,
for instance, that had
enormous levels of control
and domination more
than it has now--
it was you're a blasphemer or
you're a this, you're a that,
you're the devil's child, if you
wanted to step off the postage
stamp, which in those days was
to not accept every last word
and syllable in the Bible might
actually be literally true.
Today, it's moved on.
It's become much more
multi-leveled and much more
obvious, really.
And you've only got to look at
the policing of opinion today
and the policing of
freedom of speech
to see how the herd
has been manipulated
to police and control the
herd and to frighten them
into a line.
So if you say things now or
have opinions that are outside
the postage stamp, which
get narrower and narrower
and narrower-- you can't say
that, you can't say that,
you can't say that, it's that,
it's that, it's the other--
then the tidal wave
comes down on you.
You are subject to
abuse, to ridicule,
to labels that usually have an
"ism" or an "ist" at the end.
And you're given labels
of abuse because you
have a different opinion
or you see a situation
different from what the
official narrative says
you should be thinking,
seeing, and accepting.
And we've now moved--
and this was the
natural outcome of this.
We've moved into now
the realm of even
going beyond just abuse
and ridicule for having
the wrong opinion.
We've gone into the realm
of hysterical levels
of censorship, not least
coming out of Silicon Valley.
And this is systematic.
Why?
Because two things--
as more people awaken,
they start to see things
they hadn't seen before.
They start to see
actually the world is not
like they thought it was.
And this world event
or that world event
was not actually like
they were told it was.
And as this agenda
of human control,
which was so
predicted decades ago
by people like George Orwell
and Aldous Huxley in "1984"
and "Brave New
World--" why did they--
why were they so accurate?
Because they had a good
idea what was coming,
because this thing is
not made up by the day.
It's long planned.
So as people start to
awaken and as the nature
of this human control, this
Orwellian state, global state,
national state starts to come
in more obviously, people
are starting to realize, whoa,
I can see what's happening here.
Now, perception is
controlled by information.
And if you want to
control perception,
you have to control information.
And what's unfolded in
the period of the internet
is what's known as
the alternative media
and different
expressions of what's
called the alternative media.
And they have been
putting out information
which is challenging
the official narrative
of everything, of reality--
some of it-- and mostly
of what is really
happening in the world
and why it's happening
and where the world
is being taken.
So if you're going to
control perceptions
so people don't
see what's going on
and react to it in a way
that doesn't suit you,
you've got to stop people having
access to that information.
And so we've had this gathering
censorship to just cut it out.
And then we've had
this phenomenon
that has risen in recent
times called progressive.
What is progressive?
It's called liberal.
Liberal and progressive
are interchangeable.
No, they're not.
I come from a background
in working-class Leicester
in England that you
would call liberal.
What does a liberal believe in?
I'm not a political liberal.
I'm not political anything.
But a dictionary definition
of the word "liberal,"
what does it mean?
It means a desire for
maximum freedom of lifestyle,
maximum freedom of choice,
maximum freedom of expression,
maximum freedom of opinion.
And basically my
philosophy on life
is do what you like so
long as you don't impose it
on anyone else.
That's liberal.
What's-- again, it's come out
of the education system and this
college university
system overwhelmingly,
first of all in
the United States.
Well, I tell you, it's happening
in Britain now and elsewhere.
That's called progressive.
And this progressive is
the opposite of liberal.
It's the inversion of liberal.
It's not about freedom
of all those things.
It's about destroying them.
It's about not saying
freedom of speech.
It's telling you
what you can't say
and what you must
say if you don't
want a tidal wave of abuse.
It's about telling you how
you must live your life
and how, if you don't
agree with my opinion,
you are by definition
wrong because I'm right.
The only right is I am right.
And because I'm right and you
have a different opinion to me,
therefore, you must be wrong.
And what this is doing is
squeezing even the postage
stamp and destroying
human discourse.
And what is human discourse?
It is the exchange of
opinion and information,
which impacts upon perception.
Do people want to
form their perceptions
from that much information
and possibility and ways
of looking at the
different situations
or do they want to form
their perceptions from that?
That's freedom.
That is tyranny.
Those that want to control
that discourse and control what
people see and hear and
only limit that to what
suits the agenda
because the perceptions
that that see and hear
information generates
are the perceptions
the network of control
wants humans to have.
What's the-- what's one of
the major pressures that
gets people to conform to
the official narrative,
to the postage stamp?
Peer pressure, not pressure from
those in positions of power,
not pressure from Donald
Trump or Barack Obama
or George Bush or
Bill Clinton, pressure
from those around
them, their peers,
who are insisting that they
must believe what they believe
or else.
And it's becoming more and
more extreme, as I say.
And so I observe
the world and I see
people who think
they are anti-system,
who think they are radical,
and they are playing the game
exactly as those they think are
opposing want them to play it.
Destroy human discourse.
Destroy freedom of speech.
Destroy freedom of lifestyle,
freedom of opinion.
And the more that
happens, the more
the ability to circulate the
information that gives people
another fix on the
world will be deleted.
And it's like everything.
When you look at any situation
where the few are controlling
the many, the acquiescence of
the many and the activation
of the many to police
and control the many
is absolutely essential.
So where does this take us?
It takes us to an
understanding, I
would suggest, that if we are
going to break the program
and take back control of our
perceptions, which means taking
back control of
our lives, then we
have to stall downloading the
system's version of everything
and start with a
blank sheet of paper,
symbolically or literally,
and say, OK, from now on,
what I'm going to accept
as my perception of reality
or perception of this
situation has got to earn
its place on this paper.
And to earn its
place, it's not going
to get there by me
just accepting it
because someone with a title
or some position of authority
tells me that's how things are.
I'm going to say, OK, what's
the evidence to back this up?
You're saying this is true,
but let's check this out.
Is it true?
Mr. Scientist, you
may be a scientist.
You may be an eminent professor.
But you are not getting
on my piece of paper
unless you justify what
you're asking me to believe.
Oh, and by the way,
what I'm going to do
is not just get my
information from you anymore.
I'm going to explore myself.
I'm going to research and
question myself and see
what I come up with
in terms of what
gets on my sheet of perception.
And what you find--
I'll tell you from experience--
when you start to do
that, in a few strides,
you're off the
postage stamp and away
and you start to realize that
the perceptional information
sources that have been
controlling your life
turn out to be or to
have feet of clay.
They're only believed
because of repetition.
Everyone knows that, mate.
Why do you say that?
Because that's all
you've ever heard--
and increasingly
so with the control
of information and censorship.
And the other part of this
is to set ourselves free,
to make it OK to have
a different opinion,
to make it OK for someone to say
something you don't agree with,
to conclude occasionally that
maybe we don't know it all
and maybe other people might
have a contribution to give us
a greater understanding.
But while we're saying I
am right and therefore,
by definition, you must be
wrong, how can that happen?
It can't.
So people go deeper
and deeper and deeper
into the illusion of
awareness, as they
go in deeper and
deeper and deeper
into ignorance about everything.
So we set ourselves
free by no longer taking
what the system in all its
forms tells us we must believe,
and we set each other
free to do the same.
And what will happen?
The amount of information and
opinion that is circulating
will vastly increase.
People are going,
oh, I can say it now.
Can I say it now?
Yeah.
Oh my goodness, thank
goodness for that.
'Cause all over
this human society
today, because of
the I am rights,
are people self-censoring what
they think, what they say,
and thus the discourse and the
information to form perception
gets squeezed and
squeezed and squeezed.
Once again, we come to the
end of one of these programs,
and the problem seems so vast,
but the solution is so simple.
You want to be free.
Set yourself free.
You want a world of freedom.
Then set everybody else free.
And what must that
create by definition,
by cause and effect?
Freedom.
See you next time.